README.md, before:

# Interactive Weather Dashboard

A modern, feature-rich weather dashboard that provides detailed weather information with an intuitive user interface. Built with vanilla JavaScript, this application offers real-time weather data visualization and location-based weather forecasts.

![Weather Dashboard Screenshot]
[Add a screenshot of your application here]

## Features

### Core Functionality
- **Real-time Weather Data**: Get current weather conditions and forecasts
- **Location Search**: Search for any location worldwide with autocomplete suggestions
- **Favorites System**: Save and quickly access your favorite locations
- **Unit Toggle**: Switch between Celsius and Fahrenheit
- **Dark/Light Mode**: Toggle between dark and light themes for comfortable viewing

### Detailed Weather Information
- Temperature and "Feels Like" readings
- Wind speed (Beaufort scale) and direction with visual indicators
- Weather conditions with appropriate icons
- UV Index with risk level indicators
- Humidity estimates
- Accurate sunrise and sunset times based on location

### Data Visualization
- Interactive temperature trend charts
- Wind speed visualization
- Hourly forecast displays

## Technical Features
- Responsive design for all device sizes
- Local storage for user preferences and favorites
- Real-time data updates
- Efficient API data handling
- Cross-browser compatibility

## APIs Used
- 7Timer! Weather API for weather data
- OpenStreetMap's Nominatim for geocoding

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Modern web browser
- Internet connection

### Installation
1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/weather-dashboard.git
   ```
2. Open `index.html` in your web browser

### Usage
1. **Search for a Location**
   - Type a city name in the search bar
   - Select from autocomplete suggestions

2. **Save Favorites**
   - Locations are automatically saved when searched
   - Click on saved locations for quick access

3. **Customize Display**
   - Toggle temperature units (°C/°F)
   - Switch between light/dark mode
   - View different weather metrics

## Technical Details

### Built With
- HTML5
- CSS3
- Vanilla JavaScript
- Chart.js for data visualization
- Font Awesome for icons

### Key Components
- Responsive CSS Grid layout
- Custom weather icons
- Interactive charts
- Geolocation services
- Local storage management

## Browser Support
- Chrome (latest)
- Firefox (latest)
- Safari (latest)
- Edge (latest)

## Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Acknowledgments
- Weather data provided by 7Timer!
- Geocoding services by OpenStreetMap
- Icons by Font Awesome
- Charts powered by Chart.js

## Future Enhancements
- [ ] Weather alerts system
- [ ] Extended forecast capabilities
- [ ] More detailed weather metrics
- [ ] PWA implementation
- [ ] Interactive weather maps

Commit message:

Site is live at https://theamericanmaker.github.io/weather-dashboard/

README.md, after:

Use this link to view the live site: https://theamericanmaker.github.io/weather-dashboard/
# Interactive Weather Dashboard

A modern, feature-rich weather dashboard that provides detailed weather information with an intuitive user interface. Built with vanilla JavaScript, this application offers real-time weather data visualization and location-based weather forecasts.

![Weather Dashboard Screenshot]
[Add a screenshot of your application here]

## Features

### Core Functionality
- **Real-time Weather Data**: Get current weather conditions and forecasts
- **Location Search**: Search for any location worldwide with autocomplete suggestions
- **Favorites System**: Save and quickly access your favorite locations
- **Unit Toggle**: Switch between Celsius and Fahrenheit
- **Dark/Light Mode**: Toggle between dark and light themes for comfortable viewing

### Detailed Weather Information
- Temperature and "Feels Like" readings
- Wind speed (Beaufort scale) and direction with visual indicators
- Weather conditions with appropriate icons
- UV Index with risk level indicators
- Humidity estimates
- Accurate sunrise and sunset times based on location

### Data Visualization
- Interactive temperature trend charts
- Wind speed visualization
- Hourly forecast displays

## Technical Features
- Responsive design for all device sizes
- Local storage for user preferences and favorites
- Real-time data updates
- Efficient API data handling
- Cross-browser compatibility

## APIs Used
- 7Timer! Weather API for weather data
- OpenStreetMap's Nominatim for geocoding

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Modern web browser
- Internet connection

### Installation
1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/weather-dashboard.git
   ```
2. Open `index.html` in your web browser

### Usage
1. **Search for a Location**
   - Type a city name in the search bar
   - Select from autocomplete suggestions

2. **Save Favorites**
   - Locations are automatically saved when searched
   - Click on saved locations for quick access

3. **Customize Display**
   - Toggle temperature units (°C/°F)
   - Switch between light/dark mode
   - View different weather metrics

## Technical Details

### Built With
- HTML5
- CSS3
- Vanilla JavaScript
- Chart.js for data visualization
- Font Awesome for icons

### Key Components
- Responsive CSS Grid layout
- Custom weather icons
- Interactive charts
- Geolocation services
- Local storage management

## Browser Support
- Chrome (latest)
- Firefox (latest)
- Safari (latest)
- Edge (latest)

## Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Acknowledgments
- Weather data provided by 7Timer!
- Geocoding services by OpenStreetMap
- Icons by Font Awesome
- Charts powered by Chart.js

## Future Enhancements
- [ ] Weather alerts system
- [ ] Extended forecast capabilities
- [ ] More detailed weather metrics
- [ ] PWA implementation
- [ ] Interactive weather maps
